Adds a link to Stylus Saturday newsletter to the stylus gentle intro (#2188)
OffchainLabs/arbitrum-docs: arbitrum-docs/stylus/gentle-introduction.mdx

1. Utilize our [quickstart](https://docs.arbitrum.io/stylus/quickstart), [Rust SDK](https://docs.arbitrum.io/stylus/reference/overview), to help you start building.
2. Join our Stylus Developer [Telegram](https://t.me/arbitrum_stylus) group and [Arbitrum Discord](https://discord.gg/arbitrum) for support as well as the official Arbitrum ([@Arbitrum](https://twitter.com/arbitrum)) and Arbitrum Developers ([@ArbitrumDevs](https://twitter.com/ArbitrumDevs)) X accounts for announcements.
3. Check out the [Awesome Stylus](https://github.com/OffchainLabs/awesome-stylus) repository for various community contributed Stylus projects and tools. If you build something useful, we'd be happy to add it there.

> 4. Stay up to date with the latest from the Stylus community through tutorials, builder interviews, technical deep dives, and more with the [Stylus Saturdays](https://stylus-saturdays.com/) newsletter.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Stay updated with the latest from the Stylus community through tutorials, builder interviews, technical deep dives, and more with the [Stylus Saturdays](https://stylus-saturdays.com/) newsletter.
```
